chore: first draft of the glossary. (#4374)
timescale/docs: api/glossary.md

# Glossary

> This glossary defines technical terms, concepts, and terminology used in $COMPANY documentation and the time-series database industry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This glossary defines technical terms, concepts, and terminology used in $COMPANY documentation, database industry, and real-time analytics.
```

**pgai on Tiger Cloud**: a cloud solution for building search, RAG, and AI agents with $PG. Enables calling AI embedding and generation models directly from the database using SQL. See [pgai][ai-pgai].

**pgvectorscale**: a performance enhancement for pgvector featuring StreamingDiskANN indexing, binary quantization compression, and label-based filtering. See [pgvectorscale][ai-pgvectorscale].

**pgvectorizer**: a $TIMESCALE_DB tool for automatically vectorizing and indexing data for similarity search.

**Physical backup**: a backup method that copies the actual database files at the storage level.

**PITR (Point-in-Time Recovery)**: the ability to restore a database to a specific moment in time.

**Policy**: an automated rule or procedure that performs maintenance tasks like compression, retention, or refresh operations.

**Predictive Maintenance**: the use of time-series data to forecast equipment failure, common in IoT and industrial applications.

**$PG**: an open-source object-relational database system known for its reliability, robustness, and performance.

> **Postgres**: short form of $PG.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove this. Atleast to me this feels obvious.
